8


Penn State:
A Penn State database would have five tables: college, courses, instructors, students, and textbooks.  The students would be able to see the college a particular course is in, what teachers teach it, and at the end, when their decision is made, they will be able to see the textbooks they need if they fit the requirements for the courses. This database could be applied to any school not just Penn State if all tables were changed to apply of the school of choice. 
The college table would provide what college a course will be in. The course table would be the courses that are available but would have constraints such as prerequisites,  time of the class, and capacity of class. Attributes in the course table would include course number and location. The instructor table would provide attributes  about the instructor for example, their name, courses they teach, ID number, and qualifications. Constraints for the instructor would be if they do not teach that particular course or college.  The students table would include attributes like ID, first and last name, GPA, major, and credits. The textbook table, would be our dynamic data that would show what textbooks were needed depending on the student’s courses they entered. 
	The goal of the project would help students figure out the textbooks they need for the classes the are interested in taking. This could also give them an idea of who their professor will be and what time their courses will be at to give them an idea of what their schedule will look like for the semester. 


Amusement Park:
An amusement park database would have five tables: concession/food, ticket sales, roller coasters, waterpark, and children’s area. This idea is unique because it gives insight as to how something as large and complex as an amusement park may be managed. This idea is “borrowed” from another business, but we would not do this project on any amusement park in particular. 
A typical day in the amusement park business would start by making sure all constraints are fulfilled with workers to ensure we have proper staff. Opening the park would include a significant amount of ticket sales and food and drink sales. 
The first table is the concessions table. In this table, the attributes are the number of workers on the shift, the price of the food and drinks. There are constraints on this as well. Neither of these values can be negative, the number of workers cannot exceed 50 and the price of the food cannot exceed $500. 
The second table is the ticket booth. The attributes of the ticket booth would be the number of workers, the price of tickets, and how many more tickets can be sold to reach capacity in the park. There cannot be a negative number of workers or of tickets sold. The price of tickets must be between $20 and $60. In addition, the tickets sold to reach capacity cannot exceed 5,000.
The third table is the roller coaster table. The attributes include each roller coaster, the length of each line, and the workers’ shifts. Some constraints are that the lines for each roller coaster must be in between 0 and 120 minutes, there must be between 30 and 40 workers on each roller coaster. 
Fourth, there is the waterpark. The attributes include how many people have entered, each locker combination, and how long the line is for each water slide. Some constraints are that the combination for each locker must be exactly 4 digits, and the number of people who have entered must be between 0 and 1,000 (the capacity). 
The fifth table is the children’s area. The attributes in this table are how many children are in the area, whether or not they are accompanied by a parent, and the last time the toys were sanitized. The constraints on this include that there cannot be a negative number of children in the area, each child must be accompanied by at least one parent, and the toys must have been sanitized within 7 days.
            There is a lot of current “end user” real time data that must be delivered back to those who need it. First, there is data given on how many people can enter the park on any given day. Also, there is real time data given to users on how long the ride is for each roller coaster at any given time. There is also a surplus amount of data on ticket prices and food menu options and prices



Airport:
Thought this was an ideal idea because there are many different ways we can group everything that goes on in an airport; for example, by airline, stalls, staff, etc. Having a dataset for an airport could keep them organized in many ways. For example, we can keep track of how much time each section of the airport would take by entering data to calculate how much time it would take by counting how many people there are in each section of the airport. Or, we can use the data to see which passengers have made checked in on time and who hasn’t. We decided our five tables would be check in, security check, gate number, airline, and luggage.
	The security check would have information in which they would store the passengers name, which flight, how many luggage. The security check would have how many carry on item each passenger has, the gate number would assign every flight to a gate, the airline would have multiple destinations and information of each passenger, and lastly, the luggage would have the amount each passenger is carrying on the flight so they can make ensure each passenger gets their bags at the baggage claim area. 
	The goal of this project would basically just be easier for airport employees to be more organized and make it easier for passengers to get through the airport process. For example, there are many times people lose their luggage through airlines and having an organized dataset could help us track where it could be. 




Final idea:
An amusement park database would have five tables: concession/food, ticket sales, roller coasters, waterpark, and children’s area. These tables involve a variety of components in the amusement park and how they interact with each other. This idea is unique because it gives insight as to how something as large and complex as an amusement park may be managed. This idea is “borrowed” from another business, but we are not doing this project on any amusement park in particular. 
A typical day in the amusement park business would start by making sure all constraints are fulfilled with workers to ensure we have proper staff. Next, we could open the park. This would include a significant amount of ticket sales and food and drink sales. This would also include the staff ensuring that the park runs smoothly. 
The first table is the concessions table. In this table, the attributes are the number of workers on the shift, the price of the food and drinks, the inventory on hand, and the amount of each type of food and drink sold. There are constraints on this as well. None of these values can be negative, the number of workers cannot exceed 50, the inventory cannot exceed 1,000, and the price of the food cannot exceed $500. 
The second table is the ticket booth. The attributes of the ticket booth would also be the number of workers, the price of tickets, the number of tickets sold, and how many more tickets can be sold to reach capacity in the park. There cannot be a negative number of workers or of tickets sold. The price of tickets must be between $20 (for a child) and $60 (for an adult). In addition, the tickets sold to reach capacity cannot exceed 5,000, as that is the capacity in the park, not including the staff. 
The third table is the roller coaster table. The attributes include each roller coaster, how long the line is for each roller coaster, the workers’ shifts, the date of the last inspection, and how many people have ridden each roller coaster that day. Some constraints are that the lines for each roller coaster must be in between 0 and 120 minutes, there must be between 30 and 40 workers on each roller coaster, the date of the last inspection must be between 0 and 90 days, and there cannot be a negative amount of people who have ridden each roller coaster. 
Fourth, there is the waterpark. The attributes include how many people have entered, each locker combination, how much time is left on the lockers being used, how many gallons of water have been used (for environment standards), and how long the line is for each water slide. Some constraints are that the combination for each locker must be exactly 4 digits, the number of people who have entered must be between 0 and 1,000 (the capacity), the time left on the lockers must be between 0 and 300 minutes, and the gallons of water used in a day must be less than 5,000. 
The fifth table is the children’s area. The attributes in this table are how many children are in the area, their ages, whether or not they are accompanied by a parent, and the last time the toys were sanitized. The constraints on this include that there cannot be a negative number of children in the area, the children and parents combined may not exceed 1,000, there may not be people older than 14 unless they are a parent, each child must be accompanied by at least one parent, and the toys must have been sanitized within 7 days, but not a negative number.
            There is a lot of current “end user” real time data that must be delivered back to those who need it. First, there is data given on how many people can enter the park on any given day. Also, there is real time data given to users on how long the ride is for each roller coaster at any given time. There is also a surplus amount of data on ticket prices and food menu options and prices.



Diagram of the ammusment park:

https://gyazo.com/2c0f5706e189f42dd3bd12c59ff29a46
